W-13110483-botmessage-runresults-se (#173)
mulesoft/docs-rpa: rpa-manager/modules/ROOT/pages/botmanagement-troubleshoot.adoc

Learn how to create xref:processautomation-deploy.adoc#production-configuration[production] and xref:processautomation-deploy.adoc#invokable-configuration[invokable] configurations.

== View the Bot Log Messages

> The bot log messages contain detailed information about a process run. Each bot activity is listed along with information about the run result. Bot messages contained in activities are displayed under *Additional Customer Info*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The bot log messages contain detailed information about a process run. RPA Manager lists each bot activity with information about the run result and displays bot messages contained in activities under *Additional Customer Info*.
```

To view the bot log messages:

. Open the *Process Run Statistics* view in the *Bot Management* or, from within a project in test or production phase in the *Process Automation* module, click on a run result number in the *Run Results* panel.

> . Click the *Bot Message Log* icon image:botmessagelog-icon.png[list symbol,1.5%,1.5%] in the table row of the bot whose messages you want to read.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Click the *Bot Message Log* icon image:botmessagelog-icon.png[list symbol,1.5%,1.5%] in the table row of the bot you want to read messages from.
```

> The window *Bot Log Messages* opens. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

This is not necessary.

> Bot messages can be concatenated and truncated. To view the complete bot log, download the log files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Bot messages might be concatenated and truncated. To view the complete bot log, download the log files.
```

When you restart the bot, the bot and all of its threads are initially stopped after the pending tasks have been completed. The subsequent restart is then performed in a clean environment, which means the problem should no longer occur.

> Restarting a bot only works if that bot has the status OK. Otherwise it is placed in the task list and is executed as soon as the bot is OK again.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Restarting a bot only works if that bot has the status OK. Otherwise, RPA Manager places the bot in the task list and executes it as soon as the bot is OK again.
```

When you restart the bot, the bot and all of its threads are initially stopped after the pending tasks have been completed. The subsequent restart is then performed in a clean environment, which means the problem should no longer occur.

> Restarting a bot only works if that bot has the status OK. Otherwise RPA Manager places the restart in the task list and executes it soon as the bot is OK again.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Restarting a bot only works if that bot has the status OK. Otherwise, RPA Manager places the restart in the task list and executes it as soon as the bot is OK again.
```
